README.md, before:

# Pet Food Advice

This is a project with a objective of explore Vue 3 and Vite. The project is a web application that helps a pet parent to choose and subscribe for a food service.

!['Pet Selection'](./docs/images/screenshot_1.png)
!['Pet Conditions Selection'](./docs/images/screenshot_2.png)

### Disclaimers

- This project is not a real application, it is just a study case.
- The project will use dogs as pet example, but in a real application, it will be possible to choose other kinds of pets.
- As exists a lot of pet food, the project will use just a few of them.

## Running the project

### Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar)
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin)

### Project Setup

> Make sure you are using the Node _20.6.1_ or latest.

```sh
# Install vue in your machine
npm install -g @vue/cli

# Install packages
npm install
```

**Compile and Hot-Reload for Development**

```sh
npm run dev
```

**Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production**

```sh
npm run build
```

**Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)**

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

feat: added project link on readme

README.md, after:

# Pet Food Advice

This is a project with a objective of explore Vue 3 and Vite. The project is a web application that helps a pet parent to choose and subscribe for a food service.

The project is deployed and you can use the _[project link](https://pet-food-advice.web.app/)_ to access it without build in your machine.

!['Pet Selection'](./docs/images/screenshot_1.png)
!['Pet Conditions Selection'](./docs/images/screenshot_2.png)

### Disclaimers

- This project is not a real application, it is just a study case.
- The project will use dogs as pet example, but in a real application, it will be possible to choose other kinds of pets.
- As exists a lot of pet food, the project will use just a few of them.

## Running the project

### Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
[Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar)
[TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin)

### Project Setup

> Make sure you are using the Node _20.6.1_ or latest.

```sh
# Install vue in your machine
npm install -g @vue/cli

# Install packages
npm install
```

**Compile and Hot-Reload for Development**

```sh
npm run dev
```

**Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production**

```sh
npm run build
```

**Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)**

```sh
npm run lint
```
